Ask each player to make a funny face.
Close your eyes and touch the tip of your nose with both fingers.
Play patty-cake with the person on your right.
Tell a story about getting lost.
Write your name on a piece of paper from right to left.
Hop around the room on one foot.
Recite a favorite nursery rhyme.
Hold your nose and talk with a nasal voice.
Tell one of your favorite jokes.
Thumb wrestle with the person across from you.
Imitate someone with the hiccups.
Ask the other players to show how they eat popcorn.
Move backward one space and choose another card.
Skip in place while clapping your hands.
Quickly say, "She sells seashells by the seashore" three times in a row.
Walk a straight line backwards for 10 feet.
Stand on your tiptoes and see if you can touch the ceiling.
Make a scary sound.
Show the other players how to do your favorite dance.
Imitate a movie star and ask the other players to guess who it is.
What is a nickname you have had?
Try to touch the nose with the tip of your tongue.
Do you think there is life on another planet? Why?
Push your marker for 5 feet on the floor with your nose.
Make a paper airplane and fly it.
Sing one of your favorite songs.
Arm wrestle with the player on your left.
Choose a song all the players know and whistle it together.
With your eyes closed, draw a picture of a house.
Wink 10 times... 5 times with each eye.
Say the alphabet backwards.
Ask each player to imitate a different laugh.
Stand and do 5 jumping jacks.
Stand, close your eyes, turn around 3 times and point to your chair.
Ask each player to imitate a person snoring.
Rub your stomach while patting your head and counting to 10.
Drink upside down from a glass of water.
Without using your hands, explain how to tie a shoe.
Gently try on another player's glasses.
Move forward one space and choose another card.
If you had a monkey for a pet, what would you name it?
Describe one of your favorite childhood toys or games.
If you could have any surprise you wanted, what would it be?
Describe one of your favorite family celebrations.
Describe one of your best friends.
What do you want to be when you grow up? Why?
What is one of your favorite television programs?
What is an outdoor aroma that you particularly like? Why?
Tell about a special birthday you had.
Describe one of your favorite desserts.
What is one of your all-time pet peeves?
Tell about a story about something you lost or forgot.
What is one of your favorite cartoons or comics? Why?
Would you like to travel to the moon? Why?
What is one of your favorite colors? Why?
Try to balance your marker on your nose.
Act like an animal and have other players guess what it is.
Who awakens first on your household? How are you awakened?
Ask the other players to try wiggling their ears.
What is/was one of your favorite subjects in school? Why?
