What is a musical instrument you play or wish you could play?
Tell about a fun game you have played.
Name an invention that was developed in your lifetime.
Recall an eventful bus, train or airplane ride.
Tell about a competition in which you participated.
Tell about a move you made from one place to another.
Tell about a time when you gave or were given flowers.
Describe one of the worst weather conditions which you have been in.
What is an unusual occupation of a friend or relative?
What is a habit you picked up from a relative?
Tell about a favorite vacation experience.
Tell about something unusual that happened in a restaurant.
What effect to commercials have on you?
Tell a story about a New Year's Eve you will never forget.
What was one of the first ways you earned money?
Tell about an incident at a beauty or barber shop.
Tell about a restaurant you ate in recently.
Tell about an incident with a key.
Name something or someone who influenced you in choosing your vocation/work.
Name a way your lifestyle has changed to help save the environment.
What is one convenience you wouldn't want to do without?
Describe something that happened while riding a bicycle.
Describe a neighbor who was difficult to live with.
What is one of the first television programs you can remember?
Tell about a historic site or a famous place you have seen or would like to see.
Tell a story about a pet or animal.
Tell about an incident with a car.
What is something satisfying about your work?
Describe something you like to do when it's incredibly hot outside.
Name a foreign country you have visited or would like to visit.
Name a clothing fashion you have liked or disliked. Why?
Tell about an experience that made you feel close to nature.
What is one of the most unusual meals you ever ate?
Tell about a time when you slept outdoors.
Name a fad from the decade you were born.
Tell about a day when you went fishing or swimming.
Tell about a joke you played on someone.
Tell about a babysitting experience.
Tell about an incident that had something to do with water.
Describe an experience you had in a culture different from your own.
Describe a way that you or your family were affected by a war.
Describe an incident at a movie theater.
Tell about something unusual that happened in your neighborhood.
Tell about a book or article you read recently.
Name one of your all-time favorite sports teams or individuals.
Describe something unusual about a wedding you've attended.
Describe an exciting or unusual trip you have taken.
Tell a story about a favorite party you attended.
What is one of your hobbies? What do you like about it?
Tell about a club or an organization to which you belong/belonged.
Tell about an incident when you overslept.
Tell about an unusual form of transportation you have used.
Tell about a dream you have remembered.
Describe a place you lived while growing up.
Tell about a fair, festival or parade you have attended.
Tell a story about a parking ticket or other traffic violation.
Tell about a movie that brought tears to your eyes.
Describe visiting or living on a farm or ranch.
If you could afford any house or apartment, what would it be like?
If you could afford any type of car, what would it be? 
