Describe something your parents did for fun.
Name a person who significantly influenced your life. How?
Recall a story you heard about one of your aunts.
What is a game or song your family played or sang while traveling in a car?
What is your favorite saying of one of your parents?
Describe something you and a brother or sister did together.
Describe something you like about a friend from the past.
Recall a story you heard about one of your grandfathers.
What is a word or phrase that describes your mother's personality?
Recall a story you heard about one of your grandmothers.
Describe something your mother considered very important.
What is a word or phrase that describes your father's personality?
Tell about the kids you grew up with . . . "your crowd."
What was a remedy for the common cold or other illnesses in your childhood home?
Describe one of your best or worst teachers.
Recall a time when you got into trouble at home.
Tell a story about an athlete in your family.
Describe something you and your father did together.
Describe one of your first experiences living away from home.
What is an unanswered question you would like to ask your parents.
Tell about a time when someone held your hand.
Name someone who influenced your good manners. How?
Tell about a childhood friend.
What is one of the ways you and your parents are alike?
Tell about a favorite letter you received.
What state or country did your mother's family come from?
What is one of the ways you and a brother or sister are alike?
What state or country did your father's family come from?
How did your parents meet?
Describe one of the oldest photographs in your possession.
Describe an event you'll never forget from your school days.
Who is one of the most interesting individuals you have met? Why?
What was one of your favorite family dinners as a child?
Describe one of your first boyfriends or girlfriends.
What has been one of your favorite sports-related activities? Why?
Describe a good time you had with your family.
Describe a friend you haven't seen recently but would like to see again.
Describe something your father considered very important.
Tell about an aroma you recall from childhood.
Describe something you like about one of your relatives.
Describe something you liked about your childhood.
Tell about one of your greatest athletic achievements.
Who is one of the most courageous individuals you have met? Why?
Who is one of the kindest individuals you have met? Why?
Describe something you and your mother did together.
What is an unanswered question you would like to ask your grandparents?
Tell about a famous person you have met.
Name something you often did on Sundays as a child.
Describe something that made your mother happy.
What activities, besides eating, went on at the kitchen table in the home in which you grew up?
Tell about one of the first times you danced with someone.
What is one of the ways your mother and grandmother are alike?
What is one of your favorite childhood stories?
Recall a story you have heard about one of your uncles.
Recall a time when you got into trouble at school.
Tell about one of your first dates.
Tell about someone you would describe as a "real character."
What is one of the ways your father and grandfather are alike?
Where was a special place you liked to play as a child?
Describe something that made your father happy. 
