Describe a way your exercise pattern has changed throughout your life.
Tell about something you do to relax.
Tell about an incident when you couldn't stop laughing.
Tell about a friend or acquaintance with a different national background.
Tell about a risk you have taken in your life.
Describe a "cause" you have felt is very important.
What was a happy time in your life?
What will be one of your New Year's resolutions for next year?
If you changed your name, what is a name you would change it to?
What is one of your favorite eating places outside of your home? Why?
If you had more money, what would you change about your life?
What is something you would do with your time if you didn't watch television?
What is your favorite time of the year? Why?
What is one of your all-time favorite movies? Why?
When we enter the next century, how would you like to celebrate?
Is there an age you consider to be the prime of life? Why?
Name someone you would consider a hero. Why?
In general, do you live for today or plan for tomorrow? Explain.
If you had a month to do anything you wanted to, and cost wouldn't be a factor, what would you do?
Where would you live if you could live anywhere? Why?
Tell about something you really like about where you live.
Name a book or publication that stirred your thinking. How?
Describe a way credit cards have affected your life.
Tell about one of the traditions in your family.
Would you like to live forever? Explain.
Name a scenic place that inspires you. Why?
What is something that you would like to pass on to the next generation?
Tell about a prize that you won.
Tell about a time when you surprised someone.
Describe an occupation you think would be fascinating.
What is a characteristic in others that you admire?
Tell about what you feel has been one of your greatest successes.
What is one kind of art that intrigues you? Why?
What is an experience that you would consider close to a miracle?
Tell about one of the proudest moments in your life.
Describe one of the best decisions you made in your life.
What was one of your New Year's resolutions for this year?
What is an activity that makes you feel ALIVE?
What was one of the most courageous things that you ever did?
What is one of your goals in life?
What is one of the first things that you read in the newspaper?
Tell about a time when you helped someone.
What is your favorite time of the day? Why?
What is an item that you would put in a time capsule to be opened by the next generation?
If you had to give away a huge amount of money, who would you give it to? Why?
What has been the role of religious belief in your life?
Describe a possession you would like to keep if all else were lost.
What would a perfect day be like for you?
Describe what you think the world will be like 100 years from now.
Describe a time when you felt you were lucky.
Describe what would be an ideal vacation.
What would a perfect weekend be like for you?
With what famous person do you wish you could spend some time? Why?
Describe a way that your life is different from a year ago.
Describe something nice someone did for you.
Describe a way you have changed your eating habits to be healthier.
Describe a way your parents influenced your spiritual beliefs.
Describe a public figure that has inspired you.
Tell about something you did that was "out of character."
Tell about one of the best gifts you have ever received.
